10/17/18
IN CLASS: all members present except Austin (feeling sick after travels back from home)
Talked about features required for prototype:
  Dice Roller (bunty): user can choose type of dice to roll, amount of dice, and see the results
  Character Manager (?): user can add and characters
  Encounters (?): function to generate random monster encounters by searching monster manual

Documentation:
  Class diagram - Austin
  State diagram - Bunty
  Use Case Diagram - Mckenna
  Gantt chart - Blake


10/17/18
At Bunty & Blake's house, all members present except Austin again
Planned out project: finished sprint and product backlogs as well as gantt chart
Started playing with XAML and C# to familiarize ourselves
Started dice roller component

10/18/18
At Bunty & Blake's house, all members present
Finishing up prototype: working on adding character, class diagram almost finished.
Dice roller component is complete.

10/21/18
At Bunty & Blake's house, all members present except Mckenna(at work)
Finishing up character and documentation.
Notes for additions: Add a wait to create your own monster and have a drop down menu with
all created monsters so that the dungeon master can keep track of monsters in the game.


======================================== Project 4 ========================================

10/24/18
In class - All members present
Gave demo, then split up responsibilitites for project 4
McKenna - Cosmetics & battle music
Bunty - Finish dice roll & start map editor
Austin - Custom Monster Creation
Seth - Make Encounters based on level/habitat, Help window, About window, Window continuity
Blake - Finish character creation, edit characters, save characters locally, finish display characters

10/26/18
In class - All members present
Caught up with each other on concurrent tasks & asked questions about WPF implementations
Discussed resolving conflicts & planned a meeting for tuesday, 10/30

10/31/18
In class - All members present
Talked about what is left to accomplish 
Scheduled meeting for tomorrow (11/1)

11/1/18
At Blake & Bunty's - All members present except bunty
Assigned duties to all members:
Austin - Create Monsters window, making monsters work with environment, and custom monster dropdown
Seth - Saving custom monsters, images for monsters, polish, window size, location continutity, help window
Blake - Finish displaying stats on characters screen, save characters/campaigns, polish, add validators
McKenna - Dropdowns for character skills, choose cool fonts, audio tab (if possible)
Bunty - Change diceroll to buttons, more stuff TBD

11/2/18
In class - All members present
Caught up with each others' changes & scheduled a meeting for tuesday 11/6

11/5/18
In class - All members present
Discussed new ideas & features, planned UI changes, and moved next meeting to Thursday 11/8

11/7/18
In class - All members present
Worked out merge conflicts & synced up everyone's changes

11/8/18
At Blake & Bunty's - All members present
Mckenna - Begun work on music tab
Blake - Started redesigning UI for character's tab
Bunty - Merged changes for new dice roll tab & made cosmetic changes
Austin - Merged changes for custom monsters tab & hooked up bindings for stats
Seth - Setup "about" window and made progress on displaying monster images

11/9/18
In class - All members present
Synced up changes and planned a meeting for Tuesday, 11/13

11/13/18
At Blake and Bunty's House - All members present
Worked on saving monsters & characters, as well as the music tab

11/14/18
In class - All members present
Synced up changes and planned meeting for Monday, 11/19

11/19/18
Leep 2nd floor - All members present
Spent class time working on wrapping up our own components
Made goals for project completion over winter break
Planned meeting for Friday, 11/23

11/23/18
Over Discord - All members present
Planned meeting for Sunday, 11/25
Decided on what we have left to do
Todo:
Fix ok button on about window
Tests for all components
In-line documentation for all code
Finish music tab or scrap it
(optional) Labels for different type dicerolls
(optional) Fix title on first music file

11/25/18
Over Discord - All members present
Dicussed final changes to project and implemented them before deadline

11/28/18
In Leep - All members present
Discussed how we would present the project and did a practice-run

11/5/18
Blake & Bunty's house - All members present
Got to together to discuss finishing scrum artifacts before stop day
